Replace controller with control node (#352)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/scenario_guides/vmware_rest_scenarios/vm_hardware_tuning.rst

.. literalinclude:: task_outputs/Dedicate_one_core_to_the_VM.result.json

> Remove a SATA control node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove a SATA controller
```

==========================

> In this example, we remove the SATA control node of the PCI slot 34.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we remove the SATA controller of the PCI slot 34.
```
